fix: get api host from middleware url (#6680)
vuestorefront/vue-storefront: packages/core/docs/getting-started/configuration.md

The `middleware.config.js` file is as essential as `nuxt.confis.js`, but much simpler and likely smaller. It configures the Server Middleware used for communication with e-commerce platforms and contains sensitive credentials, custom endpoints, queries, etc.

> What is common for every integration is setting `middlewareUrl`. This is required and have to point to middleware. Usually it is your application domain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What is typical for every integration is the `middlewareUrl` property which defines the URL to the Server Middleware. Usually, it's your application domain followed by the `/api` path.
```

Example:

```javascript
// nuxt.config.js
export default {
  publicRuntimeConfig: {
    middlewareUrl: 'https://yourdomain.com/api/'
  }
}
```

> For development just use `http://localhost:3000/api`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the local development, set it to `http://localhost:3000/api`.
```
